assignment/exercise02.md, before:

# Exercise: PWM sound output

PWM (Pulse Width Modulation) can be used to generate analog signals from digital outputs.
The Raspberry Pi Pico has eight PWM groups each with two PWM channels.
The [Pico WH pinout diagram](https://datasheets.raspberrypi.com/picow/PicoW-A4-Pinout.pdf) shows that almost all Pico pins can be used for multiple distinct tasks as configured by MicroPython code or other software.
In this exercise, we will generate a PWM signal to drive a speaker.

GP16 is one of the pins that can be used to generate PWM signals.
Connect the speaker with the black wire (negative) to GND and the red wire (positive) to GP16.

In a more complete project, we would use additional resistors and capacitors with an amplifer to boost the sound output to a louder level with a bigger speaker.
The sound output is quiet but usable for this exercise.

Musical notes correspond to particular base frequencies and typically have rich harmonics in typical musical instruments.
An example soundboard showing note frequencies is [clickable](https://muted.io/note-frequencies/).
Over human history, the corresspondance of notes to frequencies has changed over time and location and musical cultures.
For the question below, feel free to use musical scale of your choice!

## Questions

1. Using the code in exercise_sound.py as a starting point, modify the code to play several notes in a sequence from a song of your choosing.

Commit message:

Update exercise02 with Methods and Results.md

assignment/exercise02.md, after:

# Exercise: PWM sound output

PWM (Pulse Width Modulation) can be used to generate analog signals from digital outputs.
The Raspberry Pi Pico has eight PWM groups each with two PWM channels.
The [Pico WH pinout diagram](https://datasheets.raspberrypi.com/picow/PicoW-A4-Pinout.pdf) shows that almost all Pico pins can be used for multiple distinct tasks as configured by MicroPython code or other software.
In this exercise, we will generate a PWM signal to drive a speaker.

GP16 is one of the pins that can be used to generate PWM signals.
Connect the speaker with the black wire (negative) to GND and the red wire (positive) to GP16.

In a more complete project, we would use additional resistors and capacitors with an amplifer to boost the sound output to a louder level with a bigger speaker.
The sound output is quiet but usable for this exercise.

Musical notes correspond to particular base frequencies and typically have rich harmonics in typical musical instruments.
An example soundboard showing note frequencies is [clickable](https://muted.io/note-frequencies/).
Over human history, the corresspondance of notes to frequencies has changed over time and location and musical cultures.
For the question below, feel free to use musical scale of your choice!

## Questions

1. Using the code in exercise_sound.py as a starting point, modify the code to play several notes in a sequence from a song of your choosing. (Find answer in the next section -Methods and Results)

## Methods and Results

We added the Nokia ringtone to be use in the speaker at pin GP16 this was added between lines 39 and 44.
We also changed the pausing time so that the code pauses the execution for 0.01 seconds then prints Finished!
